SITE SURVEY SCHEDULING AGENT
Current application: 20.12.10
Updated: 9 October 2026

START HERE

Use app.py as the entry point. Run these commands from the project folder:

    python -m pip install -r requirements.txt
    python -m streamlit run app.py

Use Python 3.10 or newer. Provide completed-survey training through the sidebar
or as Predictive Model.xlsx beside app.py. Configure API keys through environment
variables or .streamlit/secrets.toml; see README.md for names and optional features.

The application should display Version 20.12.10. The active route engine remains
scheduler_v20_10.py; its filename is not the application's release number.

UPDATING AN EXISTING INSTALLATION

Stop Streamlit completely before replacing matching project files, then restart.
Keep exact Python filenames so imports work. Keep your training data and secrets.
For a hosted Streamlit app, deploy the matching files and reboot the application.

The v20.12.10 ZIP is an incremental update to v20.12.9. Install the preceding
v20.12.9 update first if needed, then extract this ZIP into the
existing project folder, replacing the matching files and keeping its tests/
subfolder. It contains only changed files, not a complete installation.
All earlier modules, requirements, training data and credentials are still needed.

Replace app.py, team_scheduler.py and scheduler_v20_10.py together, then fully
restart Streamlit. Retain the retry/access modules supplied with v20.12.9.
Mixing old and new modules can cause unexpected-keyword/import errors.

If you see:
    fill_team_gaps() got an unexpected keyword argument 'expand_underfilled_days'

the new app is loading an older team_scheduler.py, either from disk or from
memory. The same applies to an unexpected 'saturday_time_window' or
'surveyor_name' argument after this
update. Stop the running process with Ctrl+C, confirm the updated module is in
the same project folder as app.py, and restart. A browser refresh is insufficient.

NEW IN 20.12.10

The Saturday hours section has separate first-survey-start, last-survey-finish
and return-home dropdowns. Defaults are 10:00 / 13:00 / 14:00; adjust all three
to suit the half day. Tick Saturday in the availability table for each person
working it. Saturday remains restricted to cannot-complete retries.

These Saturday times apply during initial planning, requested-day priority,
weekly-note reroutes and final gap filling. Monday-Friday retain their original
hours. Existing lunch, travel, access and booking checks still apply.
Capacity Review uses the actual shorter window; Run Settings records the times.

RETAINED FROM 20.12.9

Requested retry weekdays receive first priority in allocation, weekly routing
and final gap filling. Soft suggestions may fall back if they cannot be used;
explicit access-only days remain mandatory. Inspect Retry Day Assignments and
Requested Day Honoured? in Retry Decisions to see the result.

Saturday is an optional availability checkbox, off by default. Tick it for
people who will work that day. Only cannot-complete retries can go on Saturday.

The 9 October operational review reopens unresolved second/latest failed visits
by Harrison Grice and latest access-refusal failures recorded by Joe Reynolds
or Harrison Grice through that date. Another surveyor performs the revisit.
Original failure counts stay intact. A later failure returns to normal triage.
Completed work, existing booking exclusions and replacement-SA checks still apply.

Upload a fresh cannot-completes workbook with Resource Name and visit dates
linked to each failed Service Appointment ID. Names on new appointments do not
identify the failed-visit surveyor. Incomplete evidence is reported rather than
used to infer an exception. The standalone access report includes this evidence.

CURRENT FILLING BEHAVIOUR

Nearby work is tried first, including the normal 15 km search. If at least
30 minutes remain before the survey cut-off, the final pass tries remaining
eligible buildings without a distance limit. Final filling has no minimum
survey-to-travel ratio; initial planning retains its efficiency preference.

Access, booking, completed-work, lunch, survey-finish and return-home checks
remain enforced. Existing visits are preserved. The wider search can increase
routing requests and run time; it cannot guarantee every day will be full.

Use Day Filling Review, Gap Filling, Capacity Review and Unplaced Eligible to
inspect what was tried and which work remains. Gap Filling appears when visits
were added. The separate cannot-completes access report remains available.

CHECKS AND DOCUMENTATION

With dependencies installed:
    python -m unittest discover -s tests -v

The v20.12.10 update passed 140 offline regression tests, including ten new
Saturday-hours cases, plus syntax checks. That run excluded the
Streamlit booking-selector UI tests and made no live routing or AI calls.

README.md explains the project, current rules, inputs, outputs and setup.
CHANGELOG.md summarises recent changes. No dependencies have been added.
